Let me go
500,000 enough
1 million 2 million
5 million if it was someone else
I might say yes.
Absolutely impossible if it were you
Everyone can do it, but you can't.
Did you forget
What do you have against me?
I beg you not to hurt her. Please don't
That's how you look at people.
I beg you.
I beg you not to hurt my brother
I only have him
You want me to let your brother go, but
Be obedient
Be my stand-in hero
miss
No, Brother Chen, it's really you
Is your injury better?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
The key is you
I just watched the news.
I heard you are Guo Yiming's secretary
He didn't bully you, did he?
In 10 minutes.
I want to see your people
But I am now
Brother Muchen, I'm sorry.
I have to go first